TTYG-127 Refactor compare sparql results (#23)
Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval: README.md

    mean: 25.911653497483996
```

### SPARQL queries comparison

> The algoritm iterates over all of the subsets of the actual result in which the number of column is equal to the number of columns in the reference result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm iterates over all of the subsets of the actual result in which the number of columns is equal to the number of columns in the reference result.
```

> For each subset it tries to find a permutation in columns in which the two results match. In the case two results have different number of result the output is considered false. Optional columns are skipped. Also support for floating-point numbers exist but for special types like duration is not yet added.

Reviewer: `permutation of`? ALso, I totally don't get this sentence `In the case two results have different number of result the output is considered false`

> For each subset it tries to find a permutation in columns in which the two results match. In the case two results have different number of rows in the result the output is considered false. Optional columns are skipped. Also support for floating-point numbers exist but for special types like duration is not yet added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The algorithm iterates over all subsets of columns in the actual result of the same size as in the reference result.
For each subset, it compares the set of columns (skipping optional columns) and the number of rows to the reference.

It matches floating-point numbers with their respective integers across results. It does not do this for special types such as duration.
```

> If we define:
> 
> m1 := Number of columns in the reference result
> 
> m2 := Number of columns in the actual result
> 
> n := Number of rows in the actual result
> 
> The solution has time complexity in the average case of О(n\*m1!\*binomial(m2, m1))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The average time complexity is О(nr\*nc_ref!\*binomial(nc_act, nc_ref)), where

* *nr* is the number of rows in the actual result
* *nc_ref* is the number of columns in the reference result
* *nc_act* is the number of columns in the actual result
```

> The solution has time complexity in the average case of О(n\*m1!\*binomial(m2, m1))

Author: Average because we use hashing
